Title: Aalto Uni(versi)ty
Category: A
Source: https://lauluwiki.fi/
Source_Type: Lauluwiki
Type: sitsi_song
Melody: MIT Engineers' drinking song
Tags: Poikkitieteelliset

---LYRICS---

We are, we are, we are, we are, we are the Engineers
We can, we can, we can, we can demolish forty beers.
Drink rum, drink rum, drink rum all day, and come along with us
'Cause we don't give a damn for any old man who don't give a damn for us!

X to the power of zero always equals one,
But use it as a divisor and you will get a NaN.
An engineer's expressions are defined explicitly,
But still unsolved remains the brain of a Teekkari.

We are, we are, we are, we are, we are the Business line.
We can, we can, we can, we can drown up the jugs of wine.
Drink rum, drink rum, drink rum all day, and come along with us
'Cause we don't give a damn for any old man who don't give a damn for us!

A Kylteri was on his way to find a place for lunch
He queued behind some pompous men and quickly had a hunch
A few smart words were traded and before he got his meal,
He'd handed out his business card and made a million deal.

We are, we are, we are, we are, we are the Aalto Arts.
We can, we can, we can, we can drink up the vodka carts.
Drink rum, drink rum, drink rum all day, and come along with us
'Cause we don't give a damn for any old man who don't give a damn for us!

An art student from Aalto too was having a normal day,
When suddenly two professors came rushing up his way,
His project was best of class, oh how it was fine,
He's on his way to Paris now to make their top design.

We are, we are, we are, we are, we are all these three
We can, we can, we can, we can drink up in unity.
Drink rum, drink rum, drink rum all day, and come along with us
'Cause we don't give a damn for any old man who don't give a damn for us!

Some young Aalto graduates once met a CEO.
They bowed to her respectfully and asked what they should know.
The boss replied: "Oh, worry not, I know you'll soar up high -
FOr you are up to anything, you're Aalto alumni!"

---END---